feat: cluster purge (#11447)
emqx/emqx: changes/ee/feat-11447.en.md

> Added CLI command to wipe session and retained message data on the whole cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added CLI command to wipe sessions and retained messages data on the whole cluster.
```

Author: I think "session" and "retained message" here are more like qualifiers/adjectives than nouns; "data" already encapsulates the plural? :thinking:
